Update GCP Dataproc custom image instruction and sample (#2579)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/get-started/getting-started-gcp.md

can use example [pyspark notebooks](../demo/GCP/Mortgage-ETL-GPU.ipynb) to experiment.

## Build custom dataproc image to accelerate cluster init time
In order to accelerate cluster init time to 3-4 minutes, we need to build a custom Dataproc image
that already has NVIDIA drivers and CUDA toolkit installed, with RAPIDS deployed. The custom image 

> could also be used in a air gap environment. In this section, we will be using [these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
could also be used in an air gap environment. In this section, we will be using [these
```

details on `generate_custom_image.py` script arguments and 
[here](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/concepts/versioning/dataproc-versions) for dataproc version description.

The image `sample-209-ubuntu18-gpu-t4` is now ready and can be viewed in the GCP console under
`Compute Engine > Storage > Images`. The next step is to launch the cluster using this new image and
new initialization actions (that do not install NVIDIA drivers since we are already past that step).

> Here is the new custom GPU initialization action that needed to be ran after cluster creation with custom images, save this as `addon.sh`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the new custom GPU initialization action that needs to be run after cluster creation with custom images, save this as `addon.sh`
```
